I believe sponsored this video right now
if you head over to Adam and Eve calm
and use offer code Ryan just rya n you
can get 50% off your first item and free
shipping in the US and Canada and also
20% of their proceeds goes to helping
HIV victims that's really awesome
actually so and also you'll be helping
support the channel and me Peter hey
everyone
a little wipe update got new glasses and
that whatever we got married so this is
my wife now he stopped talking well the
wedding actually went just great it was
in Vegas Las Vegas we went through a
drive-thru I guess that's tradition in
her family she said she said and she
didn't want anyone there she didn't want
to tell anyone even I have seen her
parents wedding photos online but I
guess it's a it's a new tradition you're
gonna introduce me chats here too that's
that's my wife's boyfriend we didn't
kiss we didn't kiss at the wedding
she just said she wasn't ready so that's
that's fine yeah we just get along great
the three of us oh oh this isn't
actually fun for me to like know
I like it chat action had actually broke
my glasses the first day I moved in
already that's why I have new glasses
she added just a couple conditions it
was no prenup because she thinks that
we're gonna be together for a very long
time which I also agree and she also
said that chat had to move in so that's
why he's here uses my almonds missing
the yeah look at me already talk okay
yeah okay I don't know she doesn't love
you she doesn't care for you I'm just so
happy because I told my parents that I
got married and they were super proud of
me so I've been needing to talk to you
about what so I the bed in the guest
bedroom is really small this is where I
sleep this is the guest bedroom which is
awesome there in the master I do own the
house I know the money is supposed to go
towards a new flat-screen and yeah so
you can't get a bigger bed and that's
why I can't sleep with you in the guest
room because it's too small okay but
what are you doing there I actually had
to fix her hair so what I'm gonna do to
your balls oh if you ever touch her okay
these are large to show size
[Applause]
those are your testicles these guys
right here these guys don't touch her
okay cool all right we just me and check
it along so great it's kind of fun we're
like doing it together 5050 from what
again yesterday though okay it's really
like just like a more brotherly thing
like me and him we just we just have a
lot of like fun together
you know penis is great that's Peter but
doesn't matter me uh-huh yeah yep me
yeah so penis yeah okay well maybe if we
were measuring bachelor's degree a
full-time career 401 KS I might be a
little bit ahead of you
so in our bachelor pad we fully did K
off your girlfriend's freaking titties
so white touch me again I'll kill you
okay I have yet to have sex with her I
have seen her naked though so thanks
oh my god you're literally so you come
she gonna come right now get you to get
out I love you dream a you get out Kara
Brooke yeah so thanks for coming into
our life right yeah yeah sorry about
that
that's what reflects it tiger so cool I
know this mom thanks my spirit animals
an owl so who the [__] cares dude right
I know you're so funny
I know yeah